[Music]
what your sleeping habit says about your
relationship a recent psychological
research carried out at the Edinburgh
International Science Festival
discovered that any change in the
relationship immediately affects the
sleeping positions that partners make
the most important thing here is not the
position in which you cuddle before
going to bed the position you sleep in
all night long and wake up in the
morning is the only one that matters the
honeymoon hug position this position
tends to occur if the couple has just
started dating or spent some time apart
from each other the position is also
popular among married couples if their
family life is still passionate and full
of tenderness and love the dialogue
position this position is very common
among those partners who maintain a
strong connection between each other but
still need to spend more time together
and to communicate more often the
stargazing position
[Music]
both partners sleep on their backs
usually one person is laying on their
back while the other rest their head on
their partner's shoulder making him or
her the more dependant one this couple
has great chemistry but sometimes one of
them finds it a little uncomfortable
being forced to take the other ones
point of view into consideration the
sweethearts cradle position this
position is very similar to the previous
one although it's much more intimate
this one is very common among couples
that aren't afraid to show their
feelings they're very tender and care a
lot about each other the physician
typically means that the man is more
bossy and domineering in the
relationship the I cherish you position
these couples are usually very happy and
genuinely enjoy their relationships the
position reflects the mutual respect of
personal space
they're touching backs are more proof
that it's highly important for them to
feel their partner's presence nearby the
Liberty position this position may show
that a couple went to bed right after
they had a big fight however there is an
alternative explanation both partners
are probably very independent
self-centered individuals who require a
lot of personal space
[Music]
the king of the bed position partners
who tend to spread themselves all over
the bed are usually those who feel the
need to assert themselves rather than
show their feelings to their partner
their behavior in relationships is often
very selfish which is reflected in their
sleeping habits the spoons position this
position indicates harmonious and
passionate relationships at the same
time the position is very popular within
the first few years of marriage the
partner behind usually plays a dominant
role in such relationships the other
partner on the contrary enjoys the
feeling of being protected the loose
spoons position
couples choose a very comfortable
spooning position but provide each other
with more freedom this position has at
least two possible interpretations first
the position reflects a relationship
without passion at least one of the
partners feels this way he or she feels
no more need for any physical contact or
is simply dissatisfied with his or her
partner in the second case the partner
who turns their back provokes the other
one into an expression of feelings and
is willing to get more attention the leg
hug position
the partners prefer not to sleep in
close contact with each other but they
casually touch each other's feet usually
couples sleeping like this share family
harmony and mutual trust they give each
other freedom while keeping a small
bridge to touch and feel each other even
at night that was true for me how about
you share your thoughts in the comments
below don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button and click Subscribe if you're
visiting our channel for the first time